# Individual Capstone Assessment

## Overview

The focus of our project is providing social media users with the resources to make informed decisions about the content that they are consuming online. In an age where anyone can post anything online, it is increasingly hard to know whose information you can trust. This is an incredibly hard problem to solve because the concepts of “trust” and “truth” are nebulous and incredibly subjective. There is a need, however, for tools that can provide users with an easy way to view and interact with contextual information about the users they are interacting with and provide a base recommendation for whether they should be concerned about this user. This will allow users to be more educated and conscious about the potential bias of things they are viewing. From an academic perspective, this is project poses an interesting problem to solve in terms of data analysis, data visualization, and graph theory. The most objective way to attack this issue is to view it computationally in terms of concrete numbers and factual relationships between users.

## Academic Perspective

The concepts underlying this project have been covered numerous times throughout my college experience at UC. Graph theory, which is perhaps the most important concept to understand when thinking about relationships between users on social media, has been discussed in Data Structures (CS2028C) in terms of creating and searching graphs and trees as well as in Discrete Structures (CS2071) where we tackled more in depth, theoretical concepts about graphs and the meaning of the relationships displayed within them. Discrete Structures allowed us to consider how graphs can be used in a more practical application, as in social media analysis. Every member of my group has taken Intelligent Data Analysis (CS5152) which covers any of the techniques that we would use to tackle the data analysis portion of this project, including thing like clustering, supervised learning, and the basics of machine learning. Additional helpful concepts about decision making and machine learning are covered in Artificial Intelligence (CS4033).

## Professional Experience

At my first co-op employer, L3Harris Technologies, I learned a lot about backend development and the hardware considerations necessary when developing software. In particular, when I worked as an image processing co-op I gained a lot of experience with algorithm development, data processing, and optimization. I worked on the CUDA implementation of an algorithm prototyped in MATLAB for the enhancement of images. This helped me learn how to process large amounts of data efficiently so that the processing of each frame was completed as quickly as possible. It also taught me the basics of algorithm design and practical implementation. This will be very important in this project as we will be dealing with a lot of data. We must ensure that the processing of the data does not take too long so our product will be usable and responsive while still providing users with all the data insights we desire. At my second co-op employer, 84.51°, I had the opportunity to take a project from a problem statement all the way through to a fully-fledged solution. Nothing was given to us upon the start of the co-op other than the problem that was being faced and the system that our solution needed to be compatible with. This allowed me to go through the software architecture design and requirements elicitation processes to get the project to a place where we could begin development. We participated in the Agile Scrum software development framework and had to communicate with several teams to make sure that our product could be integrated with their work and future tasks. This co-op taught me a lot of soft skills that will be extremely applicable to senior design because we will also need to take our project from an idea and problem we want to solve to a demonstratable project. I can use my experience to make sure we plan and design effectively before getting to the implementation. 

## Motivation/First Steps

I am excited about this project because I think it has the potential to solve a very important problem and help with the crisis of misinformation that we are facing today. I am very passionate about making sure that people have access to reliable methods of educating themselves. If people can make decisions informed by reliable information, it will have a positive effect on society. I also think that this is a very interesting technical problem. We have to consider methods by which we can assess the reliability of information without analyzing the information itself, because that is unreliable and computationally expensive. I believe that this is a new and interesting way to look at this issue. To begin a solution, we will have to start with gathering the data we need and making sure that we can access it and store it in a reliable fashion. Since the data is central to this project, it is imperative that we accomplish this section of the tasks first. We will then work on ways of visualizing and analyzing this data. We will start with insights and visualizations that are more basic and tackle increasingly complex problems as we learn more and have a more established base. We will approach development from an agile standpoint so that we can start with basics and continue building upon them to make our product better.

## Goals

By the end of senior design, I expect to have a working product that will provide valuable insights about social media accounts to our user. The specifics, depth, and complexity of these insights are to be determined and will be chosen/developed with the help of our advisor. The interface will allow the user to select a social media account whose activity they want to analyze. The system will then analyze its activity and display it to the user in a visually pleasing manner. The interface will be interactive, allowing the user to see more about areas they are interested in. The definition of done is vague right now, but I will feel accomplished if we have a sleek, speedy user interface that provides valuable information to our users that they would not be able to easily access otherwise. I will be proud of our product if people use it and feel that they are more educated about the content they are viewing.
