README.md, before:

# Table of Contents
### 1. [Project Abstract](Project_Abstract.md)
### 2. [Project Description](Project-Description.md)
### 3. User Stories and Design Diagrams
#### 3.1 [User Stories](User_Stories.md)
#### 3.2 [High Level Design Diagram](design_diagrams/High_Level_updated.pdf)
#### 3.3 [Mid Level Design Diagram](design_diagrams/Mid_Level_updated.pdf)
#### 3.4 [Low Level Design Diagram](design_diagrams/Low_Level_updated.pdf)
#### 3.5 [Design Diagram Conventions/Descriptions](design_diagrams/Diagram_Description.md)
### 4. Project Tasks and Timeline
#### 4.1 [Task List](Tasklist.md)
#### 4.2 [Timeline](Timeline.md)
#### 4.3 [Effort Matrix](Effort_Matrix.md)
### 5. [Final Presentation Slideshow](Final_Presentation.pdf)
### 6. Self-Assessment Essays
#### 6.1 [Anna's Essay](homework_essays/ind_capstone_assessment_assignment_3/debrunner_anna_individual_capstone_assessment.md)
#### 6.2 [Chuck's Essay](homework_essays/ind_capstone_assessment_assignment_3/greenman_charles_individual_capstone_assesment.md)
#### 6.3 [Isaac's Essay](homework_essays/ind_capstone_assessment_assignment_3/mathers_isaac_individual_capstone_assessment.md)
### 7. Professional Biographies
#### 7.1 [Anna's Biography](homework_essays/personal_bios_assignment_1/debrunner_anna_professional_bio.md)
#### 7.2 [Chuck's Biography](homework_essays/personal_bios_assignment_1/greenman_charles_professional_bio.md)
#### 7.3 [Isaac's Biography](homework_essays/personal_bios_assignment_1/mathers_isaac_professional_bio.md)
### 8. [Budget](Budget.md)
### 9. Appendix
#### 9.1 [Time Spent per Member](Effort_Time.md)
#### 9.2 [Citations](Citations.md)
#### 9.3 [Source Code](src/reddit-live-api)

Commit message:

Adds title and installation/usage section to README

README.md, after:

# OSCAR (Open Social Clustering and Analysis for Reddit)
## Table of Contents
### 1. [Project Abstract](Project_Abstract.md)
### 2. [Project Description](Project-Description.md)
### 3. User Stories and Design Diagrams
#### 3.1 [User Stories](User_Stories.md)
#### 3.2 [High Level Design Diagram](design_diagrams/High_Level_updated.pdf)
#### 3.3 [Mid Level Design Diagram](design_diagrams/Mid_Level_updated.pdf)
#### 3.4 [Low Level Design Diagram](design_diagrams/Low_Level_updated.pdf)
#### 3.5 [Design Diagram Conventions/Descriptions](design_diagrams/Diagram_Description.md)
### 4. Project Tasks and Timeline
#### 4.1 [Task List](Tasklist.md)
#### 4.2 [Timeline](Timeline.md)
#### 4.3 [Effort Matrix](Effort_Matrix.md)
### 5. [Final Presentation Slideshow](Final_Presentation.pdf)
### 6. Self-Assessment Essays
#### 6.1 [Anna's Essay](homework_essays/ind_capstone_assessment_assignment_3/debrunner_anna_individual_capstone_assessment.md)
#### 6.2 [Chuck's Essay](homework_essays/ind_capstone_assessment_assignment_3/greenman_charles_individual_capstone_assesment.md)
#### 6.3 [Isaac's Essay](homework_essays/ind_capstone_assessment_assignment_3/mathers_isaac_individual_capstone_assessment.md)
### 7. Professional Biographies
#### 7.1 [Anna's Biography](homework_essays/personal_bios_assignment_1/debrunner_anna_professional_bio.md)
#### 7.2 [Chuck's Biography](homework_essays/personal_bios_assignment_1/greenman_charles_professional_bio.md)
#### 7.3 [Isaac's Biography](homework_essays/personal_bios_assignment_1/mathers_isaac_professional_bio.md)
### 8. [Budget](Budget.md)
### 9. Appendix
#### 9.1 [Time Spent per Member](Effort_Time.md)
#### 9.2 [Citations](Citations.md)
#### 9.3 [Source Code](src/reddit-live-api)
## Installation/Usage
The code in this project utilizes Python 3.6.4. More installation and usage instructions will be coming soon.
