# Self-Assessment: Anna DeBrunner
## Self-Assessment
Throughout this senior design project, I believe that one of my significant contributions was fulfilling the project manager role. One of my strengths that I identified in my initial self assessment is my ability to plan and organize effectively to take an idea from its infancy to a full-fledged solution. Planning, organization, and communication (like presentations) are things that I enjoy and feel I am good at so it made sense for me to take on this role. I completed a lot of tasks focused on the soft skills side, including completing the expo poster, all of our presentations, timelines, and design diagrams. I was also the person that gave the project direction and kept us on track in terms of deadlines. Through this, I learned a lot about project planning and how important it is to have a person to step into that role. Before this became part of my responsibilities, we struggled with coordinating our efforts, but with someone dedicating their time to keeping track of the organizational side of things, I feel that the project went much smoother. Surprisingly, I find myself to be more proud of my accomplishments on this side of the project than my technical accomplishments. I am extremely proud of how our final poster and presentations turned out and how we were able to gather our somewhat ambitious ideas into a final product. It helped me realize that project/product management is definitely something I am interested in pursuing in my career.

On the technical side, I was responsible for most of the Reddit Live API and the entire Flask application. I did the initial research into what the Reddit PRAW Python package had to offer and how we could wrap around that package for our own application. I implemented the base of that API and worked with Isaac to complete the data analysis algorithms. Once those were completed, I created the Flask application and designed/implemented the HTTP requests that the Flask application would support to get information from the Reddit Live API and the SocksCatch algorithm. I documented these requests so that they could be easily used by Isaac within our user interface. Although I had worked with Python in the past in classes and on co-op, it was one of my weaker languages so I wanted to work on these tasks to increase my experience with it. I found out a lot about the best practices of Python and the most efficient ways to implement things through trial and error. Finally, I assisted with integrating all the pieces of the project together into the final product.

## Team-Assessment
Looking back at my initial assessment, it’s very satisfying to see that we accomplished what we set out to do - create a user interface that would provide interactive, visually pleasing insights that social media users would not easily be able to see otherwise. Even though we didn’t get to implement everything we wanted to, we created a very robust backend on which this project could be expanded. We completed our own API, Flask application, SocksCatch algorithm, and user interface. I believe that we all contributed equally to the project and each had our own piece of it that we were responsible for. I think both Isaac and Chuck require recognition for what they contributed to this project. Isaac completed the user interface on his own without having any previous experience with frontend development, resulting in him having to go over a huge learning curve. Chuck completed the SocksCatch algorithm, which didn’t really have a roadmap and required some experimentation and a lot of research to complete.

I learned a lot about group work throughout this experience. I learned that communication is key and you need to do it a lot more than you think you do. When it comes to a project like this, being a lone wolf coder simply isn’t going to work. Communication early and often is required to make sure all the moving pieces can come together into the final product that was envisioned. If I could go back and change one thing about our project, it would be to have more structured in-person meeting times. Since we are in all the same classes, we would often just use time before or after classes to give updates along with talking via text and email. I think it would have been helpful to have time dedicated in the week where we would catch each other up on our efforts and make sure we are all on the same page. Not having this dedicated time made working on our project after spring break when we no longer saw each other more difficult. We relied on text messages rather than organizing video calls, and this made communication harder and less frequent. As convenient as texts and emails are, there is definitely value to talking to someone and being able to see them, especially when it comes to group work.
