# Self Assesment: Charles Greenman
## Part A
When we first planned the problem our scope was somewhat narrower with a clearer path to completion.  I reached out to the organization NewsGuard which does investigative research on news gathering organizations and provides a rating of how trustworthy their practices are.  After a couple conversations they seem excited about a tool that would track users of social media sharing misinformation, and tracking what people who shared misinformation in the past share in the future.  Ultimately I was told that NewsGuard was no longer willing to collaborate with us which required pivoting to a more complex approach.  This ultimately led to me finding and implementing the SocksCatch algorithm, a general purpose approach to detecting sock puppet activity.

Moving to implementing the SocksCatch approach made me look into ways to extend the project.  Originally, SocksCatch was approached to classifying Wikipedia editors which is a substantially smaller dataset then Reddit.  We investigated using Google’s BigQuery and BigQuery ML products, ultimately, those approaches were extremely expensive for the size of the data we were working with and opted for analyzing a smaller subset of the data.  The successes and obstacles of this project were one in the same.  What success at the end of the project was fairly influx as we discovered which portions were feasible and which were not.  It was an exercise in remaining flexible and adapting to hurdles.

## Part B
One of the most interesting outcomes of this project was that all members were called on to do things that they weren’t familiar with.  We intentionally distributed the workload in a manner that would require us to pick up a skill we hadn’t learned on a co-op rotation.  While we weren’t able to execute on our initial vision we were able to build something that I think is useful and interesting, especially considering our current political climate.

During this project I realized that I have a tendency to overcommit myself, searching for a job post graduation, while working about 20 hours a week and taking full time classes is not a great time to take on a huge project, and it requires being realistic about what you can accomplish with constrained times.  Anna did a great job implementing the Reddit Live API, which fetches the information for our diagrams.  Isaac’s implementation of the Vue and components resulting in an application is easy to use and understand.  Going remote due to the COVID-19 pandemic definitely introduced friction into the process.  We would alternate between sending text messages and emails depending on the length of the content.  I needed to return to Florida, where I’ve tried to box out distractions and maintain productivity, however this amount of change in a short period is difficult to stay on top of, and there are a different set of responsibilities to contend with.
