# Self-Assessment: Isaac Mathers
## Self-Assessment
Throughout this project, I mainly assisted in two areas of our project. First, I assisted in the development of our Python Reddit Live API. I had quite a bit of experience with Python, and I had worked with Reddit data in the past with Python. This experience helped my team be able to scrape data from Reddit and manipulate the data into a useful form. My other main responsibility I had for this project was front-end development. I was solely responsible for the website and worked with Anna to hook the website into our Flask application. This was something that I had little to no prior experience with, but I identified it as a set of skills that I wanted to expand on through this project.

I was able to complete my work by relying on prior experience and not being afraid to delve deep into documentation. As previously mentioned, I had experience working with Reddit using Python. When working on developing our Reddit Live API, I went back and reviewed the previous work that I had done. This served as an excellent reference for common problems when developing the API. Additionally, while I had little to no web front-end experience, the documentation for Vue, the software I predominantly used for the website, is plentiful. I spent a few days just experimenting while reading through the Vue documentation. Through this experience, I became more confident in front-end development. Assisting in the API development and leading the charge on creating the website bolstered my skills as a developer.
## Team-Assessment
Overall, my team was able to put together a tool that can be easily used to learn more information about the users and communities people interact with on Reddit. Through this project, I learned a lot about group work. In particular, because of Covid-19 changing our timelines and forcing us to work remotely, I gained valuable experience in flexibility and communication. Even with this extra challenge we faced, my group was still able to come together and create a pretty neat tool. However, there definitely were some growing pains along the way. When Covid-19 was first beginning to shut things down, it took us a while to get used to communicating remotely. We had to be a little stricter in setting up times to talk as well as trust our teammates more because status updates were less frequent. However, as time went on, we all became more familiar with this new routine and adjusted to be able to finish the project.

Our project was able to be completed by all of us working diligently. I feel we all pitched in equally. We had divided the work up well early in project planning, so we had a good idea of who would be doing what work. For the most part, we stuck to this schedule, and this led to an even split of work. I will say though, Anna took charge in a lot of the creative/project management aspects of our senior design and should be recognized for doing so. Overall, our group came together, worked hard, and got our project done. 
